# Team 25
## Friday, 12:30PM May 17, 2024

# Weekly Meeting
### Meeting held in 1st floor Geisel West

### Attendance (7/10)
- Chris
- Sonya
- Bobby
- Kai
- Derek
- Justin
- Sahana
- Kevin
- Nathan
  
### Absent
- Andrew

## Agenda
1. Review Website Updates
2. Stand Up
3. Sprints

### Review
**Home Page Team**
Decide when the task list should collapse when the user shrinks the screen, set a point where the task list would collapse.
Decide where should the functional buttons should be located, and whether there should be a white space at the top of the screen.

**Calendar Team**
Decide when the task list should collapse when the user shrinks the screen, set a point where the task list would collapse. Should set the same size where the task list collapse since both page are using the same task list.

**Research Team**
Updates: Made a doc with info about local storage, testing, and best practices for HTML and CSS. researched CI/CD assignment
Need to do: CI/CD Pipeline Assignment, write unit tests, lighthouse testing

### Stand up
Homepage:
Sonya updated the task lists, we now have the functional buttons like add/delete. Also implemented the top bars with the structures such as white space. Try to finalize the header design for both pages so that it fits both page.

Calendar:
Kai added task lists to the calendar page, made the button bigger, moved calendar numbers to the top left corner. Sahana worked on fixing the header as there were some bugs. After that the calendar team worked on implementing the task list and sentiment rating in each calendar cell. 

Javascript:
Created a test to test the LocalStorage, currently it should work on page load. Currently we have finalized the format of how the Json file should be. Next goal is to implement the test into the entire page to ensure that it works for both calender and homepage. Wait for task lists to be completed to implement the task list sotrage and test it.
Overall: Try to finalize the designs first, and then we can head towards the css and javascripts and test the functionality.

### Sprints
We will have two sprints for the rest of the quarter, first one would be "finalize" designs, css, and javascript. Then the second sprint would be focusing on testing and css to make it look better.

### Update Pitch
- Fix specifics of non functional features
- Focus on responsiveness and accessibility, not as worried about performance because back end is relatively simple
- Storage is just local storage

### Assignments
#### Javascript Team
- Finalize JSON format
- Unit tests

#### Homepage Team
- Finalize main box layout
- Finalize top bar
- Begin on Javascript functionality of homepage

#### Calendar Team
- Fix the top bar and make it consistent with the homepage
- Continue working on adding the tasks and sentiment/productivity ratings into each cell of the calendar
- Once the layout is finalized, start implementing JavaScript functionality 
