# Team 25
## Monday, 2:00PM June 3, 2024

# Weekly Meeting
### Meeting held in 1st floor Geisel West

### Attendance (10/10)
- Chris
- Bobby
- Kai
- Nathan
- Justin
- Sahana
- Derek
- Kevin
- Sonya
- Andrew
  
### Absent

## Agenda
1. Standup Meeting by Group
2. Regroup Together
3. Push to Main


### Standups
**Testing Team**
Kai: Fixed bug with window size in GitHub actuions. Website icon. Finish up smaller bugs in website\
Sonya: Written tests for task list in smaller window, editing tasks in task bar\
Nathan: Tests for rating widget and journal, will write tests for moving task between completed and editing there\
Andrew: Written calendar tests for resize. Working on tests for moving to next month\
Sahana: Working on window resizing in calendar\
Chris: Wrote tests for top bar. Once storage is updated, will test population of elements in calendar and weekly view

**Storage Team**\
Kevin: Worked on populating calendar page with stored data and LocalStorage unit tests. Task storage Bug fixing.\
Justin: Worked on populating homepage calendar week view with stored data. \
Derek: Worked on Unit testing with DOM for localstorage. \
Bobby: Worked on Task List functionality and bug fixing and homepage calendar week view. \

### Regroup
Testing is making progress. Calendar page is finalized. Will write tests into one file to simulate a whole user experience.\
Calendar is filling in with completed tasks. Weekly view is almost fully working with some minor errors. 
Journal and rating widget has saving and population. local-storage-branch has mainly working storage, will require a few bug fixes and then a main push can happen today.

### Push to Main
Testing team will spend meeting time pushing all updated tests to main.
