# Team 25
## Friday, 12:30PM May 10, 2024

# Weekly Meeting
### Meeting held in 1st floor Geisel West

### Attendance (7/10)
- Chris
- Sonya (late)
- Sahana
- Nathan
- Kevin
- Bobby
- Andrew (late)

### Absent
- Derek
- Justin
- Kai

## Agenda
1. Review Website Updates
2. Git LFS Fix
4. Update Pitch Per Smruthi's Requests
5. CI/CD Pipeline Assignment

### Review
**Home Page Team**
Updates: Outline finalized by Chris, Task list updates by Sonya with collapsibility, top bar with buttons and current date updated with no fucntionality. 
Need to do: Merge Sonya and Nathan's designs with new outline, update productivity/mental health widgets, fill in week view

**Calendar Team**
Updates: Calendar layout is implemented with ability to change months and add row for months with 6 rows, top bar is currently being updated
Need to do: add task list, finish top bar, add taks view into calendar days, gray out days not in current month

**Research Team**
Updates: Made a doc with info about local storage, testing, and best practices for HTML and CSS. researched CI/CD assignment
Need to do: CI/CD Pipeline Assignment, write unit tests, lighthouse testing

### Git LFS
Problem with cloning repository onto local machines due to large size of video. Ran out of bandwidth. Fixed by deleting the video and will re add at the end of project.

### Update Pitch
- Fix specifics of non functional features
- Focus on responsiveness and accessibility, not as worried about performance because back end is relatively simple
- Storage is just local storage

### CI/CD Pipeline
Research team has looked into this, Bobby and Kevin giving guidelines. 
e2e testing will not take place until website is basically fully functional. All functions working together properly.
Begin working on phase1 diagram, md, and video

### Assignments
- Bobby, Derek, Justin working on designing and structuring pipeline. Getting all information necessary for phase 1 documents for CI/CD Pipeline assignment.
- Chris and Seongah configuring JSDocs Github Actions Workflow
- Nathan and Kai configuring automated unit tests
- Kevin configuring code quality Github automation tool
- Sahana and Andrew drafting code style & linting standards. JS team help out with linting tool for pipeline (if we're using one?)
